c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Captcha.dll.config
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Captcha.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Captcha.pdb
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\CaptchaMvc.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\obj\Debug\Captcha.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\obj\Debug\Captcha.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\obj\Debug\Captcha.pdb
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Validation.dll
c:\users\betul.aslan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Validation.pdb
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Captcha.dll.config
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Captcha.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Captcha.pdb
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\WebGrease.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Validation.pdb
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
L:\Captcha\Captcha\obj\Debug\Captcha.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
L:\Captcha\Captcha\obj\Debug\Captcha.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\obj\Debug\Captcha.pdb
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\BotDetect.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\BotDetect.Web.Mvc.dll
L:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\MDCaptcha.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Captcha.dll.config
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Captcha.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Captcha.pdb
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\BotDetect.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\BotDetect.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Validation.pdb
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Captcha\Captcha\obj\Debug\Captcha.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Captcha\Captcha\obj\Debug\Captcha.dll
D:\Captcha\Captcha\obj\Debug\Captcha.pdb
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Captcha.dll.config
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Captcha.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Captcha.pdb
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\BotDetect.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\BotDetect.Web.Mvc.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\WebGrease.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\Validation.pdb
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
I:\Captcha\Captcha\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
I:\Captcha\Captcha\obj\Debug\Captcha.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
I:\Captcha\Captcha\obj\Debug\Captcha.dll
I:\Captcha\Captcha\obj\Debug\Captcha.pdb
